Add changelogs for 6.9.0 and 6.9.1 (#3785)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/_changelogs/6.9.0.md

## 6.9.0

_Released 4/5/2021_

> This release was mistakenly published with breaking changes and is now deprecated. We recommend upgrading to 6.9.1 or 7.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release was mistakenly published with breaking changes, is deprecated, and should not be used. Upgrade to 6.9.1 or 7.0.0, or stay on 6.8.0.
```
